MDATP/Requirements: add Linux Public Preview notes (#6477)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/minimum-requirements.md

There are some minimum requirements for onboarding machines to the service. Learn about the licensing, hardware and software requirements, and other configuration settings to onboard devices to the service.

> > Want to experience Microsoft Defender ATP? [Sign up for a free trial.](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/windows/microsoft-defender-atp?ocid=docs-wdatp-minreqs-abovefoldlink)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Want to experience Microsoft Defender ATP? [Sign up for a free trial](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/windows/microsoft-defender-atp?ocid=docs-wdatp-minreqs-abovefoldlink).
```

- Microsoft 365 E5 Security
- Microsoft 365 A5 (M365 A5)

> For detailed licensing information, see the [Product terms page](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/licensing/product-licensing/products) and work with your account team to learn the detailed terms and conditions for the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed licensing information, see the [Product terms page](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/product-licensing/products) and work with your account team to learn the detailed terms and conditions for the product.
```

The hardware requirements for Microsoft Defender ATP on machines is the same as those for the supported editions.

> [!NOTE]
> Machines running mobile versions of Windows are not supported.

### Other supported operating systems
- macOSX

> - Linux (currently, MD-ATP is only available in Public Preview Edition for Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Linux (currently, Microsoft Defender ATP is only available in the Public Preview Edition for Linux)
```

- Android

> [!NOTE]
> You'll need to know the exact Linux distros, Android, and macOS versions that are compatible with Microsoft Defender ATP for the integration to work.
>

> > Also note that MD-ATP is currently only available in Public Preview Edition for Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Also note that Microsoft Defender ATP is currently only available in the Public Preview Edition for Linux.
```
